You are allowed to quit the military on very special occasions. For the
most part, you're on contract. The contract could be anywhere from
two years to four years, I think the maximum is six years. My contract
was four years and then I did a two year extension. During that
time if I wanted to stop the military, I didn't really have that choice.
There are ways you can get out if you do something bad or if you
do something that's against the rules, also if you have a family emergency
if you can present your case the right way, then you can ask
the commanding officer who you know sends it up to the big Navy to
try to get you either, give you temporary leave or full leave. But
for the most part you have to stick with your contract and it's generally
four years.